hey guys welcome to zur for week 44
where he is located in the tower hangar
downstairs by little a jukebox machine
it's got it mmm decent set items so uh
see starting at the bottom we have pulse
rifle fusion rifle and machine gun
telemetry 'he's for leveling up those
weapons faster plasma Drive and void
drive for those rare blue quality
sparrows five heavy ammo packs for one
strange coin and one mode of light for
two strange coins Titans you are getting
the eternal warrior helm this is a new
item never before sold so collectors are
probably you don't want to get their
hands on this self included
unfortunately that's pretty much the
only reason that you're gonna want this
thing slightly above average stat role
for the helm more super energy from non
Guardian kills that's good replenish
health when you pick up an orb that's
not so good mang bonus gets you
unstoppable from the striker titan tree
now given that shoulder charge is the
most popular item in that column this
helm would at least get you something
extra however the benefits of other
exotics will outweigh the benefit of
this one you're pretty tough to kill
already in mid fist a havoc anyway and
the animation doesn't last very long it
might get you some supers that you might
not have otherwise been able to perform
but I'm not giving up my double grenades
or my fast res for something extra for
something like extra damage reduction
during festive havoc hell helm of in
most light gets you to striker Titan
abilities this only gets you one yeah
not not really an amazing helm at all it
stats are all right you know in disk is
good and super energy is good but I
don't think that's enough hunters you
get to the crest of alpha loop I with a
148 strength roll average roll although
it is 10 points fewer then when this
chest was previously sold two weeks ago
this is the hunter fast res keeper of
the pack exotic where you res people
faster and they
resume faster yada yada this is
something that all hunters and all
players should eventually have for
something like trials of osiris or maybe
any other 3v3 PvP scenarios doesn't see
as much PvE play though no urgency to
buy it right away but it's still worth
having one around warlocks you're
getting the purifier robes also knew
these are quite popular right now due to
the very high frequency of use of the
fireborn / for sun singers that role is
slightly above average for a total of
164 total stats the first two perks are
where damage with your melee reduces
grenade cool down and grenade damage
reduces melee cool down the main bonus
disorients targets around you when you
self res using fire born so yeah as you
can imagine these are somewhat popular
pick for trials of Osiris considering
how many people use self res on a Sun
singer however I'd say that their value
might be on the decline slightly as
people learn how to counter self res
warlocks people are definitely getting
smarter about dealing with self res
which decreases the value of these robes
I'm personally not using these in trials
of Osiris mainly because i'm not using
fireborn but even if I was I would still
probably be using the RAM or even void
fan vestments for the grenade energy as
a son singer because that brings much
more of a constant benefit as opposed to
a one-time benefit plus I'm not the
biggest fan of perks that require you to
die for them to be useful they're still
very popular and collectors should grab
them but I'm personally not on the hype
train for these as much as everyone
else's in PvE there a decent defensive
option essentially ensuring a safe
retreat and hey you know it's not like
other sunsinger exotics are in a great
spot PvE wise so overall I guess they're
worth picking up just don't be surprised
if you drop them pretty soon for
something that you already might like
using the weapon of the week is Plan C
the fusion rifle this is absolutely one
of the best if not the best fusion rifle
in the game I really miss using this
weapon I really enjoy using it
unfortunately fusion rifles are
outclassed by a lot of other stuff right
now in the special slot in PvE and in
PvP due to the power of shotguns fusion
rifles don't see much use that means
that this is absolutely not an urgent
pickup whatsoever as much as I
personally might like it as a weapon
hopefully we'll see a time soon where
fusion rifles are worth using again it
kicks you know some some good but in the
nightfall this week but it's not like
other stuff couldn't do its job the hell
man Graham is the in gram of the week so
those digging for the RAM st. 14
massacre the third man sim buyout
celestial Nighthawk or obsidian mind
should go hunting that is your zur week
44 I'm going back for a couple more
games a rocket League before I pack it
in but that'll do it for me have a great
weekend everybody and I will see you all
next time
yeah yeah buddy
no little jig little Jake here Oh yep
yep yep yep yep yep yep jig jig jig it
jig yes do the jig yes oh god they found
me oh no they've found me oh boy oh god